# Introduction

![intro](./images/intro.png)

## Abstract
Industry 4.0 has arrived and some of its key points are IoT, real time data
processing, cloud computing, etc. Manual ways of maintaining and checking
ambiguity in an industrial environment is very hard and time consuming and
contacting the expert for fixing the problem at the same time is quite complex.
Instead of manual checking, autonomous surveillance robots will save time and
by checking the environment near the machine, it can generate a report and
upload it to the cloud. One can easily analyze the working of a plant/machine
by checking the data. If the robot finds any emergency condition, then it can
turn on the alarm and urgently call for help. By implementing this system, we
can reduce the industrial accidents which are very common and most dangerous
nowadays. We can save time and labor for other important work and at the same
time we can increase the frequency of checking the possible threats like gas
leakage, fire, temperature overload.

## Motivation
Industry 4.0 is an ongoing phenomena and it’s stated as “An Automation
Revolution”. Applying automation in the field of maintenance and surveillance
will save time as well as the labor work. Which we can utilize for other
important applications. Nowadays everything is decentralizing and possible
virtually so one can take the survey by checking the data generated through the
robot and utilize a large amount of time and resources. There are on average
3000 occupational accidents happening in industries which are very dangerous.
By implementing the necessary automation we can reduce these cases of dangerous
accidents.
